---
layout: default
title: Welcome
description: An introduction to my blog and why I left Duino-Coin.
---

Hello everyone!

Blogs are mostly a blast from the past, especially with the current state of the internet and entertainment focused on 
delivering fast-paced content to supply some somehow dopamine to everyone's minds, but I had a need to "vent-off" somewhere and share some more details than just the name and a link to the 3D files for my completed projects.

This year was unlike any other (but then, I think that's the case for each year) - I don't necessarily think about what the future will bring, at least in that sense, so each one is filled with new experiences and obstacles. I guess that's just how it the world operates and I probably sort of like it.

One of the most life-changing events was me deciding to leave my "magnum opus" project - Duino-Coin - for good, mostly due to quite a few personal issues. Thankfully, I think it's been left in good hands and even if for one reason or another I had to split my ways from the people I've met, I'm very thankful I met them and I hope they still the same about me and Duino continues to be the entry level coin for any newcomer to start tinkering with electronics, programming and cryptocurrencies overall.

Last few months have been rough, but I think this decision was for the better. As I like to say, sometimes to have to choose the "smaller evil", even if the good is not yet on the horizon. I haven't done a lot of projects this year, mainly because the first part of the year was filled with (finally) breaking out of the house and actually doing some social interaction. To be fair, it was the best time I've ever had so far. For the second part however, I did not have many good ideas on my mind and even if I did, I lacked the strength and willingness to do any. I don't feel obliged to constantly "raise the bar", although when I don't do anything I always feel like I'm wasting a bit of my time. That's why I decided to at least create a blog-like page on my portfolio website (which has been actually disabled since the start of 2024) and hopefully share some insights about the most interesting projects I've made so far. We'll see how it goes.

Currently I'm studying on the second year of electronics&telecommunication in (probably) my favourite city in Poland and that's what's been "taking up" my mind. A lot of the things we do is similar to what I learned in my technical school, so most of the time I'm helping and teaching others with the tasks and assignments. Some days are tough, especially when I think about the past times, but I think that only shows how much I valued them and I'm happy I was able to experience them. Overall, I would call the period I'm in like something temporary - I hope in the future it will only get better.

I'm not yet sure about the way I will adapt the blog to my website, but if this ends up being on it - you know I figured it out :) If you ended up here - welcome once again and stay tuned for any future publications. I'm hoping to at least create some documentation about my multi-material mod for the Ender 3V2. I actually have an improved idea about that project (maybe V2?) that I will try to share here in the future. For now, that's all for this introductory post.

Cheers,  
Robert